Welcome to the stage of the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
On the day long ago, you were doing your thing.
Oh shit, I came in over here.
Pink, high, high, cool, Oscar night, Harmontown gonna be alright.
Family, chop, chop, chip in your chop, hip hop to the stop.
Family, Oscar night, red carpet out of sight.
My name's red carpet John.
Hey, I got my tuxedo on.
I'm interviewing the stars.
Red carpet John is a...
Is he any relation to MC John who mows the lawn?
Of course.
It's probably the same guy.
Is he related? It's the same guy in a jacket.
Now explain this to me Dan.
You go through the effort of putting on a tuxedo and you don't bother to button your clip on bow tie.
It's more about physics.
It's more about what can be done.
I believe I bought this tux.
The first Oscars I actually, or Emmys or something I got to go to, I think...
I fluctuate weights a little bit.
You don't know when a shirt's gonna be able to button or not.
It was the shirt. You couldn't get the shirt closed.
Yeah, it's actually the shirt. The bow tie actually doesn't go around anything.
It's just as you know.
Family!
Did you watch anything Oscars, Harmont?
Yeah, we watched a little bit. I liked the opening.
The opening, you know, it's NPH so he's coming out.
We know what they're going after. They're going after the Hugh Jackman Oscars that I wrote.
They're pursuing that.
We know. I won an Emmy for writing those Oscars.
Look it up.
NPH is good if you can't get Hugh. Go to him.
Did you see the opening?
I did not.
It was a nice... I don't know, if you can watch it.
Did he do a song and dance?
Yeah, he just did a straight up song. He had humorous elements.
It was a nice... It was both sincere and totally respectful of the modern world.
You felt... It did a good job of making it feel like you were watching something worth watching live.
As we increasingly start to ask the question, why are we watching this shit?
I thought it was an opener that really answered that question.
Like, check it out. This is nice.
Dougie's doing his thing.
They did special effects that blended the live action with the thing.
In a huge kind of fuck you to Billy Crystal, they just did a kind of like...
Just a little quick thrown over the shoulder, like a little visual montage of him sitting in little things.
It wasn't a fuck you, I'm just saying. It was less is more.
It was really nice, like interplay with animation on the screen and stuff.
At the end of it, everyone liked it, and I said...
I said, eh, there's no standing ovation.
Did you get a standing ovation?
Yes.
And by hue, I mean you.
I thought you said you, and I had no problem with it.
Your ears filtered out the hood part of that.
Old you, Jackman.
I looked at my phone later.
I didn't hear my phone beep when it beeped when I saw what time the timestamp was,
and it was as that thing ended.
And it was a text from Rob Schrab that said, hm, no standing o.
It's nice to know we're still keeping it real.
That's the 81st Oscars. Let's see what I got in here, huh?
All right, so what's the deal with Oscar Knight?
I mean, what is it? Some kind of gala?
No.
It just says hm, no standing o in my notes, that's it.
I don't know what I thought was going to be in there, the Gettysburg Address.
Ah, it seems like we hold some truths to be self-evident, not the Gettysburg Address.
When you were at your Oscars, how many Oscars was that ago?
Those are the 81st, so it's got to be six years ago now.
Did you watch it from the wings or were you out in the crowd?
We were watching it, I think I've told this story a lot.
We were watching from a tiny old-school CRT television backstage,
and it was awesome because we were in these shitty rented tuxes
because we didn't have time to go home,
and they have this tux kind of service for all.
There's so much crew that works on that show, so everyone's working really hard,
and you get a number and you go up to this wardrobe floor
and they just give you a tux for the night if you're a crew.
So we had these laminates on, we had these shitty baggy tuxes on,
and we were just watching from this walking closet on this little television screen,
watching Hugh Jackman go through the thing,
and I swear I broke a bone in my foot from jumping up and down because he was nailing it.
It's not a good story, it's just a really fun time in my life.
Once in a while, Ben Schwartz, now it seems funny that he was one of the three musketeers
because now he's like a famous actor on Parks and Rec,
and of course House of Lies with Don Cheadle.
Is that the name of that show?
Every once in a while, he'll email a photo of Bruce Valanche sleeping in a corner or something.
Then we took it from back then.
We were just kids, we didn't know what we were doing, and Hollywood loved us for it.
Jeff, I could go on with my Hollywood stories.
Stop me if I haven't, I probably have.
I told you my story about the one time I went, right, when I met that crazy lady?
Yeah, yeah, a crazy lady picked you up at a bar like Midnight Cowboy.
No, no, at the hair salon.
And then she proceeded, yeah, I have told those stories.
She was a crazy lady and you had to like bail out of the cab.
Yeah, it was bad.
It was very clear at like hour three that she had had pills and then the booze was like combining
and she halked out.
Do you remember why she was there?
She had previously been nominated for art department or something like that.
Or like art set design or something like that.
That must be a weird haunted life to lead.
Do you really just get to go if you win anything?
Like if you drew Shrek's balls, do you just keep going to the Oscars every year?
I think if you've been nominated, you're allowed to go.
But we were sitting way up top, like you're not down on the main floor.
Because even just watching it, even just having touched it a little bit, I got it.
I mean, I don't know if it's jealousy or just like what it is, but it's definitely like, there's a haunted feeling.
I want to be back there at the Kodak.
The smell of grease paint.
Here's what I want to know.
Okay, so a couple of years ago, so some of you kids are young enough that you were around,
like you probably don't remember that they would do the in memoriam at the Oscars.
And there was a time before they told everybody, don't clap for each one.
Especially don't clap for your favorites.
Because they're all dead.
See, so it's starting to get weird.
But it was like forever, that was just the tradition.
They would just show people, you know, and then Ernest Borknine would come up and there would be like an applause break.
And then they'd fly through three like, Timothy the Bone Man, Key Grip or whatever.
Fuck you.
Did you Key Grip for Ernest Borknine? Because I don't give a fuck.
And then like these, you know, these rousing applause.
But so they did away with that.
Probably a good move, great cultural advancement that we made.
I don't know about the, and the Oscar goes to as opposed to end the winner as that seems a little empty as far as like correctness.
But I do think that we evolved when someone said, let's tell him don't applaud after all the death.
However, now it's even weirder.
You got these faces come up.
And you know, totally, you kind of like brace yourself for Robin Williams because he's the headliner death.
And you're like, are they going to save him for last?
How does this work?
We're always asking these morbid questions, aren't we, during these things?
Because you're blending two worlds that don't belong.
Presentation, entertainment and the inevitability of the corporeal world.
Yeah, where do you put Robin in that?
They put, I imagine they went alphabetically or I don't know what they did.
I actually don't.
Chronologically, in order of death.
How did you know that?
Mike Nichols was last.
Okay, all right.
Two points to terminal line, okay.
But okay, so when you're watching, Mike Nichols learned by colleague.
I don't know if we say this every year, but it was a tragic year.
Tragic in terms of the amount of fame that died.
It's hard to honor the famous dead without feeling weird because you're like, what am I rooting for?
I didn't know them.
So people were silent, there was no like, okay, well Robin Williams, okay, great.
But for three or four people, there's always like this weird sound.
You hear like this sound, come on up in a second, let me finish my point.
You hear like this, it'll say Mike Nichols and then you'll just hear like two or three people,
like somewhere in the back of the house.
So we know that that's not like Mrs. Nichols,
because no one's going to express their connection to the death with applause.
And we also know it's therefore a human being that knows that they're breaking rank.
So it was just like the world's biggest psycho Mike Nichols fan?
Yeah.
Like fuck these other dead people!
You go, Mike Day!
Who are these, it's so weird.
I would say somebody who's A, a huge Mike Nichols fan,
B, somebody who doesn't like the no applause rule.
Like they're like, no, I'm allowed to applaud Mike Nichols,
because he wrote The Graduate or whatever.
Right, it's like some kind of weird career path.
There's writers in the audience like applauding or something for Billy Wilder, I don't know.
I don't know.
Are you a little on weed that you're not invited back this year that you're not?
No.
Look, when I was at the Oscars, I was a lowly Kepler elf backstage.
I was honored to do my duty.
I wrote a little bit of pattern for Jack Black and Jennifer Aniston,
and I wrote that Emmy-winning opening.
Thank you.
Thanks.
If you want to look it up, I won an Emmy for writing the Oscars,
which is kind of cool.
Can you sing a little bit of it for us?
You remember your favorite line from it?
Everything is awesome.
I can't remember.
The Lonely Island guys were on stage tonight at the Oscars.
Jack Black was in the opening.
He Kanye'd the NPH opening.
It was kind of fun.
He did like a sort of pseudo Jack Black rap.
It was fun.
I was wondering if they wrote that for Kanye,
and then got Jack to do it, and Jack said, I can't rap.
And then they're like, well, kind of sing rap.
If you watch it, I feel like we're kind of hoping that Kanye could come
and just watch it.
And we were in line in the rain, Dan.
We weren't late.
Speaking of memoriam, it feels like weird to not mention that our friend,
a friend of so many of us, Harris Wittels, is lost now.
It couldn't have been a more tragic passing, totally very much just tragic,
just accidental.
And I would like to take one moment to say to people who every time,
when somebody's death involves a car,
you don't divert your attention away from who the person was
and whether you respect them or not,
or whether you'll miss them to spend a lot of time about automobile statistics
and the industry and insurance and stuff.
And here's a number you can call.
Make sure you're insured.
Leave it the fuck alone.
Everybody takes cars everywhere every day.
Cars kill all kinds of people.
Writers do heroin, cocaine.
They drink.
People have different addictions and struggles.
They are, in addition to that, human beings.
If you don't know the person and they died in a way that is symbolic for you politically,
think for a second before you leave that Instagram caption or that tweet.
It's not your time to work some shit out.
It's just a guy that died.
It's no more cool on God's part to kill somebody through a horrible pressing addiction
than it is to kill them with an anvil or cancer or anything.
It is all part of this big shitty world that we are all united in.
And Harris was, if you go online and you're going to see how incredibly tragic it is
that he would be taken from us at such a young age.
And he was not irresponsible and he did not make bad choices.
And he was very smart and very self-aware and just very, very, very funny and very,
like, just a good guy.
And he just had a bad accident and now he's gone.
And this is the way that life is.
And so, I retweeted an article that was a really nice,
trying to find the words of who was he, why was he so cool and why did we not notice.
What labels to put it on, how to describe him.
That's one of the nice things about this new podcast universe is you can just type in his name
and you can go find him on so many podcasts telling really amazing stories
about struggling with his addiction, for instance, about all kinds of things.
He was a linchpin of this community and so many of us are just really, really shaken by this one.
It's a tough one and you want that bargaining phase to be,
okay, so let's all make up our minds, call your sponsor,
put this bumper sticker on your thing and wear this ribbon.
That's just bargaining and it's as healthy as denial and it's,
but ultimately acceptance is the only thing that's going to be honest.
Like, who gives a fuck how they died?
It's not important, it's not who they were and it's not,
there's no such thing as a deserved death or anything like that.
Just like, notice how cool the guy was, go listen to his stories.
He was an old soul, I guess.
I had no idea he was that young, really.
That was a horrible way to find out that somebody was 30 years old.
I didn't know either.
He was just a kid when he started to work on the Sarah Silverman show after I left.
He kind of arrived there as I left to sort of fill that vacuum
and he was literally a child and was just like,
you can't swing a cat in the city without finding somebody
that has a good story about him and now it's all laced with this stuff
and there's nothing to do but grieve and accept it.
Sports Corner!
No, I'm kidding, there's no sports corner.
I do fight, yeah, okay.
So, let's bring out Dino Stamatopoulos, who I haven't seen since he...
I just want to say that I actually met Harris here once
and we kind of shared a moment and I can't believe he's gone humble brag.
There's a lot of humble bragging going on in the wake of his passing.
You see this, I fucking peed in my pants.
What do you mean? Tell us about it.
Well, I got here and I had to pee really bad and the guy out there, he was really nice.
I was like, Dan's already out there. Oh, he's out there?
I don't know for some reason I felt like you ran a tight ship.
What's he talking about himself? He'll need me any second.
So, yeah, I went and I took a piss and I zipped up too soon.
I was still peeing.
It's a fucking nightmare.
So, not really peeing your pants.
No, I actually peed in my pants.
You peed on them.
Oh, you said you just had more pee to do and then you zipped up your pants and you just kept peeing.
I just zipped them up and I kept going.
It was stupid.
I don't know if I've ever done that.
They say that no matter how you shake or dance, the last drop is always in your pants.
That sounds like something MC John would say.
Well, keys to the parrots and the parrots to the keys.
So, I just said at Little Dom's and they put my drink to go.
Oh, that's nice. Welcome back. I haven't seen you.
This is the only way we can get together.
I know. I know you're working a lot and I'm just drunk.
Yeah.
You're traveling?
You've been back for a couple of weeks now and I haven't seen you at all.
Yeah, you go off traveling the world, Canada and Canada and Canada.
I was in Canada.
You were in New York working for Smigal.
Yeah, yeah.
On the insult comic doc show.
Insult comic doc show.
Is that what it's called?
Yeah.
It needs work, but I think it'll be okay.
So, what's, compare him to me vertically?
Hierarchically, in terms of talent.
He, I could sneak out easier out of his show than your show.
So, he's more talented.
He doesn't notice you're gone.
Yeah, he doesn't notice I'm gone.
Are you sad to be back?
Because you were living the high life out there, man.
Yeah, I mean, it was ridiculous.
There was a Dino out there and tell me if I'm wrong.
You would work a little bit at the office.
Then you would take your work away to the office.
I barely at the office.
I was like, you know, I can't really work here.
I like working at a bar.
And they're like, yeah, whatever works for you.
And, you know, I would just get drunk and right.
And then you would go eat French food.
Yeah, and go eat French food and funk boys and girls.
Because you were fucking everybody out there.
Yeah, it turns out that everyone in fucking New York is beautiful,
including me apparently.
Who would have known?
It was ridiculous.
So just being in the city made you extra sexy?
Yeah, I don't know how.
I think people go out there because they want to have an adventure.
They want to like, I want to fuck things up.
I want to, you know, deal with ugliness and shit.
And then there I am.
Trousers soaked in your own urine.
Yeah, urine.
I mean, this is not going to go away tonight.
There's that much?
I can't see it.
Take a look at this.
You see it?
You can see it from there.
You're wearing kind of pea colored pants almost.
No, these were white before I got here.
Wow.
That's a lot of pee.
You got to subscribe to the live feed for stuff like that.
You really do.
I'm going to take the cap off because this scotch is too hot.
If you did not subscribe to the live feed, you're really missing out on a pee stain right now.
How have you guys been doing?
I've been doing good.
It's really hard to write community this year.
It's like...
You're doing it for the fans.
You don't really want to write it.
Seriously.
Admit it.
I...
No.
You really don't want to write it.
You want to do it for the people?
That's admirable.
I will admit that I'm not 100% sure I did it for my own joy.
But the last thing I'm going to do is lay it on the fucking fans doorstep.
They're watching season six and they're like, this sucks.
And then there's a foot and I was like, Dan says it's your fault.
That's not what I was saying.
I'm saying that you want to do it.
You want to do it for your family.
God knows what...
I do feel...
The other thing is you're listening to my running commentary while I'm in the process here.
So don't...
Just feel this in the moment with me because I never know what the fuck I'm talking about.
But right now I feel like I am doing a horrible job.
A couple weeks ago I was like, I'm a god.
I did it.
And then a couple weeks before that.
And I swear it goes because it just depends on...
I'll see a cut and I'll be like, oh, it's working.
Okay.
That's how God works.
That's why they're tsunamis.
I fucked up.
Wait, he fucks up and then does a tsunami to...
I don't know what the fuck I'm talking about.
I was just happy I turned and you were laughing.
And then God goes like, oh, fucking god damn it.
I made too many people again.
Tsunami time.
I definitely just feel...
I feel the burn.
It feels like doing a crunch.
I just feel like for better or for worse, I'm working.
I feel like we need to do a telethon for the fans and say lay off him.
Let him not work on community for a while.
I think this is a problem that solves itself.
If it's a bad season, then it will kind of go away.
But I think that it's just...
I think if you did anything for six years, the sixth year would be like Jesus Christ.
Am I in the zone?
Three of the first seven characters are gone.
What am I doing with the remaining four and what am I doing with the new two?
Am I servicing them?
Am I exploring them?
Can it ever really...
I try to psych myself out and sell myself.
It's just a new show.
I just dimensionalize the characters.
Is that my job or am I supposed to just be telling jokes?
And I don't know what I'm doing.
And then I'll watch a cut and I'll be like...
On Tuesday, I'll be like, I did it.
It's the best season ever.
Can't believe it's on the internet instead of TV.
That's the way you do it.
And then on Wednesday, I'm like, I fucked up.
I did it real bad.
I don't want to go home.
My wife hasn't seen me.
Now I just sleep on my couch in the office.
Like last week, she saw me on Valentine's Day, which was Saturday.
And then she saw me the following Saturday.
I was slept at my office every day.
You're going to stay together forever.
That's the way to do a relationship.
I got some pretty shitty texts.
We should read our text messages to jazz music.
No, I don't know what that would be.
I don't know how that would work.
Dino, on another note, can you tell the story about that couple that you told me about?
Oh, yeah.
Well, for some reason, I go out to New York and I'm attractive.
I already said that.
And it's baffling to me.
And there's a 23-year-old couple and they want to have a threesome with...
I guess they want to fuck their grandfather.
Say yours truly.
Or their grandfather.
I fucked up.
Okay, I stepped on your grandfather punchline.
No, no, it wouldn't have gotten a laugh anyway.
But anyway...
Smigol would have given you space.
So, I don't know if it's a good story or not.
I just...
So we were going to fuck one night.
First off, where did you meet them?
Like Lucian?
At the library bar.
So how does it...
For those of us who forgot, because it hasn't happened in a little bit...
What does it sound like and look like when a couple chooses you?
I'll tell you what it sounds like.
It sounds like the girl is going,
Yeah, we're really open to everything.
We want to experiment.
We want to have sex with the grossest shit in the world and all that.
And the guy's like, you know, whatever she wants.
It's like...
Well, um...
It's either fucked or...
I don't know, I mean, you know, whatever.
How are you doing?
Can I buy you a drink?
And then...
Yeah.
The guy obviously wasn't as into it as the girl.
I'd rather hear that story, though, than the opposite.
Where the woman is like,
Hey, am I doing all right for you, Bob?
So...
In the middle of that, I was like, well, you guys figure it out.
I'm going to meet my friends and I'm going to go have dinner.
And they went out and they got coke.
And of course, you know, I started getting texts.
Like, my...
You know, for you kids out there.
My phone was ringing off the hook.
I don't know if you know what that means.
It's an expression.
Like, yeah, we're ready, we're ready, where are you?
And I'm like eating fucking peaking duck
and getting really fat and farty.
And, uh...
And finally, I just said, look, I can't...
fart through your...
our threesome, you know.
Uh, let's do it tomorrow after I take a shit.
Right?
Well, you guys are really turned on.
Yeah, so, you know,
news flash, the guy doesn't want to fuck me anymore.
And, uh...
And the girl breaks up with the guy.
Yeah.
And...
And now she wants to have a twosome.
Now she wants to have a twosome for the rest of our lives.
And, you know, I told her.
I was like, you know, I mean, like, come on.
I have a kid.
I have 8,000 fucking animals
and frogs I fuck.
You know, I mean, I don't know.
Meaning you're an untamed stallion is what...
Yeah, yeah, I didn't want to put it that way
because I'm humble.
But, uh...
So, uh...
But, you know, then we had some good sex
and, you know, I have her pictures on my phone.
You want to see them?
I do.
Can we put them on the feed?
Yeah, I don't care.
Our show just becomes 4chan.
Put her address up there.
You might have to, like, scroll through a few of my dicks.
I have...
Dino has 7 dicks.
I got a few more since New York.
That fucking town's full of them.
I remember one time you were talking...
You were telling some story about how you had to delete
a couple of things on your phone to take a picture
because there was so much porn on it or something.
My mind, you said porn, but you must have said something
else that was, like, ambiguous,
like sex movies or something.
Because I remember...
I just thought...
I was like, really? On your phone?
That's interesting.
Just for using in the bathroom?
No, no, I mean, you know.
Okay, go ahead. You remember.
And you're like, well, yeah, I don't know.
Whatever.
And I was like, well, can I see?
And you're like, yeah.
And you started playing around.
I'm like, that's the person that I know.
I thought you meant from the internet.
I thought you meant Debbie Dallas.
I know. I was like, well...
That's Natalie from marketing.
You just thought that I was like, okay, can I see?
Yeah, well, I thought Mr. Harmon from community.
I...
But you're breaking so many hearts out there.
These girls are just falling for you.
It's not just that you're out there being promiscuous.
They're resilient. Girls don't care.
I mean, look at me.
No one's going to break their heart over me, right, girls?
But I lost my phone hiking like a year ago.
And that phone, God damn it, has so much shit about me.
Like, like texts, like ridiculous texts
and pictures of everyone and me.
And like, you know, like, I like to take pictures
of my dick and my face.
Right.
Because, you know, you just don't send a dick pic with just a dick.
You can get that anywhere.
Tonight, can I get a picture of my dick in your face?
I always put...
I put, like, a newspaper headline that says,
Dewey defeats Truman.
Just because I want to remind the woman,
like, don't believe everything you see.
This was an early addition.
Yeah, actually, when you take a picture like that
with your dick and then your face,
your dick looks huge.
Like, it's enveloping your face.
I've never understood it. I guess this is me...
I guess this is probably a small penis thing.
I just don't understand...
Take it like this?
No, but it's not my goal to make it look big.
Like, that would be worse than that.
It would be like if Ewan McGregor was my headshot
and I was an actor, like,
oh, like, they want me to come in again?
Okay.
Um, the...
Like, I don't understand the dick pic thing.
On paper, when you hear about that,
you immediately think to yourself,
this is something that only men would think
that women would want.
No, women ask for it.
Like, swear to God.
Clearly, over time, what I've learned is that
just by its longevity as a cultural thing,
is that there is participation in this on both sides.
Girls will solicit a dick pic from you.
Which maybe, you know, there's a length of feminism
you can go to to the point where you're actually,
like, kind of...
I don't know if you felt that wave of tittering
going through the crowd right now.
I was thinking...
Every girl just remembered the last time
they solicited a dick pic from somebody.
I mean, is that...
This is why I wish we had that, like, polling technology.
I want to know, like, because I don't want anyone
to have to say out loud.
Have them say out loud.
Well, the people that say out loud, then, you know,
what's their deal?
But it would be interesting to get an honest poll
of, like, how many women in the audience,
like, have they ever said to a man
in one form or another in text,
like, send me a picture of your dick,
or, like, you know, something like that.
Anybody out there? Gals?
One woman says, oh, yeah, for sure.
We heard one for sure.
What's your name?
My name's Lana.
Lana, get up here.
If you want to.
Meet the press.
Chop, chop, chop.
Well, thank you for...
I'm nervous, too.
Oh, you should...
There's a mic next to you, Lana.
There's another one over here.
Lana was it?
Wow. Hello, Lana.
Is it, like, it's just a guy you like,
and it's, like, I mean, I guess
the analog is if...
Yeah, I mean, it's not, like,
it's not, like, random.
It's not, like, oh, hey, dude, on the street,
you just gave me your number.
It's like an extension of phone sex,
like, when there was only landlines,
like, sometimes a relationship
would get to the point, like,
very infrequently with me.
But, like, it's like, oh, I'm not with you,
and we can't be together,
and then you do weird things through the medium
that's allowed. And so now we have pictures.
He'd have to be in your phone already, right?
Yes, yes, yes, of course.
What's your number?
I gotta get it out, baby.
And so I'm assuming
that the way the conversation
probably goes is the guy
probably says,
in terms of flattering the woman,
like, I am in this state
right now, and then the woman says,
you know, pics or it didn't happen,
like, let's see it.
When you're
asking for that, did you,
okay, for this particular guy,
you had already seen the wiener
in question. You weren't seeing it for the first time.
That would be weird. That would definitely be weird.
That would be a weird way to see it for the first time.
It's not like you're going shopping, right?
No, no, no.
But if you've already seen,
this is the thing about a wiener.
If you've already seen it,
I guess I just need to, like, relax
and go like, you know what, maybe women like
sex too, I guess?
Kind of the way that men do.
It's kind of a way of having sex without having sex.
It's like having sex for a distance, right?
Pretty much. I mean, admittedly, I've been,
you know, lucky.
So generally, the pics I get sent
are fairly impressive.
So there's the hat.
The Eiffel Tower is in the background.
There's a...
He's got his pinky out.
No.
Overboard. I don't know what's...
It's a dick. It's a dick.
But, Lana, you're saying that you've already seen
the wieners in question.
So you knew what you were getting more or less.
It wasn't going to be a picture of a guy's dick
shaped like an ampersand or something.
I mean, that would be impressive, but for different reasons.
Yeah, sure.
Spencer's is shaped like the Dungeons & Dragons ampersand.
It's a dragon dick
that's breathing fire that forms its own...
Spencer's dick is an innie right now
after you said that.
Are you kidding?
Spencer's dick has 20 sides.
Also impressive.
Impressive for different reasons.
Yeah.
But every hit is critical.
I don't know.
That's it.
Don't applaud.
I...
I contested that joke on the way out the door
and you applauded it.
So what does that make you?
A very generous audience.
So Lana, are you currently seeing somebody right now?
No, actually.
You're out shopping for more dick pics.
Jeff, are you seeing anyone right now?
No.
How many megapixels is your camera, Jeff?
Not nearly enough, Dan.
Like 10, 10 and a half.
Wow.
Yeah.
10 and a half nights.
God, I wish I had a big dick.
So bad.
I would show it to everybody.
Can you remember when I took my shirt off?
People are impressed when you're not afraid to show.
You ever notice our friends like Chris Romano
and actually Harris Wittels was one of them?
Like, for a joke,
they would just whip...
If Sarah would ask,
they would just...
They're just naked. They're putting their balls in the coffee, whatever.
But they...
They look and they go,
my dick's smaller than that. That's why they're doing that.
So they had like a big dick flaccid?
Well, yeah, I think that's what it's like.
As I've said on this show,
mine is in it.
Mine, I praise only its practicality.
Like...
When it is not in operational mode,
it is a nipple.
Well, yeah.
So's mine.
It doesn't matter back then.
Well, it matters.
Way back then.
Well, I'm married now.
I'll send Aaron a picture of my dick
at some point, I guess.
Why would you do that?
Because I want to have done it.
You know, it's like...
Send it now.
No, no, no.
Go into the bathroom right now.
Take a dick pic.
Oh, yeah.
I'm not gonna...
This isn't the Morton Downey show.
Yeah, yeah.
Like a Nazi throws a chair at me.
Well, let's bring
my wife out, Erin McGathy.
She's here.
Oh, yeah, yeah. Stick around
because I want to hear the woman's
conversation about it.
Should I leave? No, you shouldn't leave either.
She's got a big skirt on.
Oh, Aaron.
Wow.
Oscar night.
That is a whole lot of crinoline.
Can we get you another chair?
Yes.
I got it.
It's an intimacy thing,
or a power thing.
It's dirty. On whose side is it a power thing?
Full size. I don't know.
The other night when you were
at work,
I don't know why I was so nervous to send this
to you or my husband, but I was like,
I just want to ask him to take a picture
of his face.
Not as a poster.
With Dino's dick in front of it.
Yeah.
Here you go, Scoops. You want a drink?
Sure.
You pass that down to my better half.
AKA Scoops.
My little cloud baby.
Oh, interesting.
You're wearing that
because you saw the red carpet.
This year is all about beards for the men
and white dresses with...
White dresses with embellishments.
Yeah.
So she embellished with more
dress than anybody.
This is the skirt I wore under
my wedding dress.
Uncomfortable.
Yeah, I just wanted
you to send a picture of your face as a
I don't know, maybe part of it's
a power thing.
Yeah.
You're having the power to make
your husband show a picture of his face?
No, no, no.
I'm thinking about the dick pics.
I'm toying with whether
or not to say this, so I guess I'll just say this.
I have asked for dick pics.
All right.
This is at what time today?
Dan, when were you buying milk?
The moment Dan steps over that daily milk chair.
I was like, man, this is like,
why am I always buying milk?
That's what the milk man's for.
Well, there have been a couple of times
when I've sent you sexy pictures of me
and then I felt embarrassed
because they're not reciprocated,
but it's like a bag of force.
They actually came to me.
Oh, what a gross thought.
That's a nightmare.
That is an absolute nightmare.
You're sitting drawing
Oh, okay.
I got to go.
You're drawing?
I think you said drawing.
You just got out of that wet, wet bath.
You're in the kitchen
making your Greek chicken
and just the beads of sweat
are dripping off of your disgusting body
and pee is
spreading.
What are you wearing right now?
Something to cover up
how much we had gained.
I'm just kidding.
Oh, that's nice that you feel sorry for me,
which makes me feel like I'm fatter than I am.
No, I look great.
There was like a jiu-jitsu move.
I should send you a picture back
when you send me one of those pictures during the day.
It's just you looking cute.
I should send one back.
If I send you a picture of me
at the library, I would like,
wow, so many copies of Bridget Jones' diary
or a picture of your penis.
That might
not be the right space for it.
But I would still accept it.
I'd like that.
That's better for me because I always don't know what to type,
so I always just go, aw.
That's great.
Sometimes you accidentally type,
ah.
Ah!
And then I have to
talk myself into it.
Fonzie, hey.
Lana.
So, Lana, where are you from?
New York? Living out here now? You're visiting?
Oh, no.
I feel like we just had a threesome.
Weird.
There's one for everybody.
I've been out here for two and a half years.
It's freezing.
Having fun?
I'm a script soup, so.
Script soup?
So, you know, this is
LA's little place to be for it, I guess.
What's in that bottle at your brown bag
and like a cholo from my high school?
This is, what is this?
Liquid aloha from Longport?
I don't know. It was the only thing
that wasn't like a horrible, heavy stout.
Oh, it's beer.
It's definitely beer.
My friend is drinking Straight Up Kettle One though,
so there is that.
It's a little bit more hardcore than me.
But, yeah.
Let me finish that. Are you fucking him?
No, no.
Have you seen the guy?
Is that your significant fellow there?
No, no. He's a friend of mine visiting.
Are you dating that guy?
I am not. I don't know.
What's your name with this, sir?
Brett? Did you know you were insignificant?
No.
Well, Erin, you brought,
did you bring an activity, an Oscar night activity?
I did. Everybody look under your chairs.
There are three colored pens. Oh, that's so nice.
I'm kidding.
So cute. You're cute. You're so cute.
That is so sweet.
That is really sweet.
That reminds me of when I was nine years old.
My dad was a preacher and he let me have...
You guys are nine years old.
He let me have...
I asked one day if I could get up and talk for the church,
and this is the first and last time he let me do this.
I came in early and I took bags of glitter
and taped them underneath all the chairs
to...
Because I wanted to tell a story.
I had just read the story or heard the story
of a Meshack,
Reshack and a Bendigo.
Shadrack Meshack.
Yeah, Shadrack Meshack.
I mean, it really stuck with me.
They were protected by an angel and they lived through a fire
and so I had this orange glitter
and everybody reached under their chair
and brought out the thing and then got glitter all over them.
And I told the story.
Do you remember when we were preparing for the wedding
and my dad was like, don't give her any glitter?
That's because of that. That's like still a thing.
But yes, I did read...
You should have said that for the honeymoon.
I don't know what that means.
You should put three specks of glitter on your penis.
I could probably fit three and a half.
Oh, no.
I could fit thousands, millions.
There's a... I do have an activity.
I have a little Game Corner activity.
I left a...
If someone can hand me the black book
that's back there.
Thank you.
I'm going to
read my goals for
2015.
Not really. Okay.
So if we could set up two mics that are facing
a camera that look like
presenter mics at the Oscars.
This is a game called
Presenters.
Oscars.
Bane.
Jeff, can I switch places with you
for this game?
Thank you. Jeff is wearing
a lovely charcoal suit.
I'm not sure which
which camera should we...
It makes us look like we're presenting
at the Oscars.
This one or that one?
That one?
Is your red light
your way of saying yes?
No.
We'll share a mic.
They'll share a mic.
All right. It is the year...
It is the year 2020.
These are the Oscars and
Jeff and Dan are going to be playing
various presenters at the Oscars.
Presenting
various awards.
And Dino and Lana,
if you feel inspired
at any point to be a part of this,
you are welcome.
I'm doing it now.
I keep one question for you.
Stay.
We're going to have the best night of our lives.
Welcome back
to the 2020 Oscars.
Live from the Olympia Theatre
in beautiful Petra B
63 crater
on the dark side of the moon.
Presenting
the award for best
supporting actress is
Alan Cumming
and Charlie Callis.
Yes!
Work it!
Best supporting actresses
are very important.
I think I'm British.
They're thinking about the...
The nominees are...
Jody Foster
for her role in
Abadou's...
How come there's no Abadou's?
I won't do clips for each one.
for the virus in the wind.
What exactly, what are you talking about?
Renee Selweger and, wow.
The Oscar goes to...
Joni Foster.
I think we did that wrong, right?
That was great.
And if I didn't establish this earlier,
they don't know who I'm going to say.
And also they don't know who Charlie Callas is.
All right.
Here we go.
You saw it was a very outgoing Charlie Callas.
Please welcome to the stage,
you know him from filling in that smaller crater.
And you know her as president of the dark side of the moon,
Alec Baldwin and Oprah Winfrey.
They will be presenting best.
Though they need no activity because we respect their power,
they will be presenting a best original song.
You know they say that the song is the heart and soul of a movie.
And without a song,
that the movie's not really the whole experience that it ought to be.
That's the worst Oprah Winfrey ever.
I stole this joke.
I was going to say hello, I'm Oprah Winfrey.
I got so depressed that I stole this joke I peed on my pants.
The nominees are...
All right.
Later in the night, Drew Barrymore and Dakota Fanning
presented the Oscar for best original screenplay.
I get to do the easy one.
That's the worst.
Sorry, go ahead.
The thing of Kate Hudson's impression of Drew Barrymore is what I'm doing right now.
And is magical.
Hello, I'm Dakota Fanning.
What's the top, what's the nomination again?
What's the category?
Original Screenplay.
Well shit, original screenplays.
I'm Dakota Fanning.
It's the name, it's the name.
I don't know what that is, it sounds like an old time cowboy actor.
Oh shit, I'm Dakota Fanning.
And the Oscar goes to Everybody.
Finally, the night took a dramatic turn
in a moment that will be forever remembered in Oscar history as the time it happened.
When Billy Crystal and Benedict Cumberbatch presented best picture.
Come on, Billy Crystal's dead by then, right?
He's gotta be.
Oh no, I thought not.
No, I picture him like a future on a head in a jar.
Oh really, okay.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
That is the worst Oprah Winfrey I've ever heard.
Yay, and that was presenters.
All right, that was a good segment.
All right, that was dynamite.
That was fun, thanks.
Thank you for that.
I just want to show everybody my opposite of a beautiful mind notes for.
All right, let's make sure, is it Lana?
Lana.
Is it land?
He might have thought it was Lana.
Because we know Lana, we know Lana.
Is Lana spelled differently from Lana?
No, no, Lana was just.
Do you correct people?
Sometimes, if it seems like they're going to be saying my name a lot.
Lana is really the way you say it.
Lana, that bitch was out of her mind.
She's the worst.
Yeah, she was just the worst.
I kind of feel like there's a thing happening with Dino and Lana right now.
I feel like it's happening.
Oh yeah.
Well, don't kill it.
I don't think it can be killed.
I think that Dino's sexuality is.
I'm going to whisper sweet nothing's in here right now.
Nigger.
It's my catchphrase, people.
Man.
It always works.
It's such a hard R.
All right.
Well, Lana, Lana, what do you think?
What do I think?
Oh boy.
You got a new book coming out?
Dick pics.
I'm trying to figure out a way to put a ribbon on it, not the dick.
Lana, I see you've come here with a gentleman tonight.
Are you guys involved?
No.
No, no.
He's here visiting from Texas.
Oh, say no more.
If you want to sleep with him.
It's cool.
I can fuck him.
Okay, good, good.
I mean, as long as he's okay with that.
He's okay with it.
As long as he's okay with that.
I just want to make sure the girl.
He won't know what hit him, believe me.
Do you think the threesome guy, was he supposed to also have sex with you?
Or was he supposed to just have sex with the woman alongside you?
I was probably going to like lick his come off or something like that.
I mean, if you're into it.
Oh, fuck it.
If you're into it.
You guys are prejudiced.
They didn't booze the n-bomb as hard as that.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's exactly what I was thinking.
There's got to be at least one African-American Harmon John fan here tonight that's just like,
wait a minute.
Yeah, I think I actually lost one.
I'm going to go home and like ask myself a lot of questions about society.
I would lick his come off of anyone.
Now nothing.
Well, the best thing I can come up with to maybe end me being on stage.
Not that this wasn't lovely and thank you for having me.
It's so boring.
I used to ask when I was in high school and thought I was clever, would ask all the guys
that I knew how they thought of their penis.
Was it a tool, a trophy, or a toy?
Trophy.
And it was an interesting kind of poll.
A tool, a trophy.
Well, Dan, you said you said you're just practical.
So I'm going to go with tool with yours.
Or a toy.
A toy.
Well, I mean, it's a toy until you get married and then it's a tool, right?
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba.
It's a totem.
A totem.
A totem was a...
What is the...
It was a tool, a trophy, or a...
Okay, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, it's all G words.
I'm trying to figure out how it could ever be a trophy.
But like, I guess if it was really big?
Yeah.
Like...
It doesn't have to be big.
Because how do you win a dick?
Come over here.
Oh, God.
What did you say?
I said, come over here.
I'll show you.
You wrap it in like gold ribbon.
That's right.
Right.
But it's your own.
I mean, I understand how someone else could win it.
I consider all of my wieners collaborators to be winners in some way.
I hope they're not feeling like they lost something.
But I took the trophy with me and also, never mind, I...
I mean, would you have...
I love my dick.
Would you have...
Oh, what are you asking me?
Would you have licked the...
Come off it.
Yeah, it doesn't matter to me.
It's all...
We're all, you know, one organism.
We're all made of stars.
All made of stars.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, any parting thoughts if you want...
No, that puts you on the spot.
I'm always feeling like I don't want to deprive people of their moment.
You could just leave if you want.
Let's have a hand.
Yeah!
Lana!
I don't have any final thoughts either.
Yeah, the...
I'm bad at interviewing and I'm bad at figuring out when to...
How do you say...
I think you're good.
You're a nice guy.
How do you say just...
I don't want to...
I didn't want her to leave.
You thank them and you say...
No, she was fine.
She was fine.
I always feel like the Wisconsin in me wants to be ironic about it.
I don't want to just like...
I don't want to be like Craig Kilborn.
I feel perfectly respected.
Oh, yeah.
No, I wasn't worried about you, lady.
No.
No, no.
I wasn't...
It's just a spineless thing.
I don't want to take charge.
I don't want to be like...
I don't like the idea of me coming across as having the pretense
that the show has any direction at all.
I don't...
That's what it is.
Like, okay, let's keep it going.
Come on.
Let's thank her as if we have better stuff to do.
I don't need you guys to talk right now, either.
Yeah.
Well, that's so funny.
Well, not so spineless anymore.
Dan, do you think it's because you're wearing a tux
that you feel like now there's suddenly a structure to the show?
No, no, no, no.
This is a... I'm expressing a thing.
I'm open sourcing my experience as I do the show for years.
I've always done this.
I've always had trouble at the end of...
Is this your first fight?
Of people.
Like, whether it's Greg Proops or anybody,
I never know if I'm supposed to go like,
okay, thank him for coming.
It just feels like such an odd thing to be the person that says,
all right, this phone call's over.
It's just a lot of power to...
Right, but it's not me, and it's a gift.
As opposed to putting somebody on the spot and saying,
like, you need to prove that you're...
No, yeah, I get that now.
I'm working through this.
I get that.
He doesn't need you to talk, lady.
Yeah.
But if you just had a stroke and you're like,
who are you?
What do you wear?
What's going on?
Come, come, come.
Go, go, go.
Chicken, chicken, chicken.
Grease.
That didn't get a big laugh, but I liked it.
I just play that song.
I got it in my head.
It's a good song, right?
Yeah.
What's this guy's name again?
Kevin MacLeod.
It's all this free online stuff that I just found a bunch of
in a rush to get some music to play,
and I think we've got to make this guy famous.
See, it's always on the wrong...
Let's do it from the top.
From the top.
You ready, Dan?
Okay.
Is this a real craving?
Dan, I want you to sing less like you're about to die.
Yeah.
What up, motherfucker?
We don't know what's up.
I will fuck you up for money!
I'm a hire killer.
I've got a knife in my shoe.
Cha!
Kingsman sucked.
Some shitty movie.
That movie sucked, and if you liked it, you're a sociopath.
It was a toxically pee-wrapped film about nothing at all.
Beep, beep, choo-ka-choo, 42, can't go to movies.
Anymore, kids been sucked out the door.
Stupid, knife-foot lady, just headbangs, doesn't have a character.
Sam Jackson had a list, it's a choice.
He's an actor, really embarrassing to sit through.
That movie was fucked up, man.
That movie was so fucked up.
It would be out of breath for a couple of weeks.
That song was called Sidewalk Out of Sight.
Even with all that irony, I still feel old.
I just don't understand anything.
Just because I'm so groovy?
You're thinking, why are these kids here, why do they pay $10?
Yeah, why do they care about you?
I mean, I like you, you're a nice guy.
But what the fuck?
What's everyone here for?
Tonight's not the night that it's evident why.
It's more of a long-term relationship you have, I think.
Like, you know, look at it like, do we have the night off, maybe?
Family?
It's a bad movie.
It's a movie about dressing nice, I guess, and having knives for feet.
It's a left-wing critique of spy movies.
A left-wing critique of spy movies.
What is the biggest anarcho-capitalist person to decide to save the world
by only allowing a lead to having all the court-
Bring him up.
Fuck you!
Great, come here!
Come here!
If you want to come up and do a three-minute endorsement of Kingsman,
I just found it to be a profoundly toxic piece of garbage.
I agree.
But it's clearly controversial and here's why, because it's childish nonsense
and then every time they make a movie that includes childish nonsense,
if there's a dinosaur or a robot in it, or a lady with knife feet,
or it's based on a comic book, which is everything now,
then we all feel like it's religion and we all have to argue about it.
All of a sudden, it's important whether you have the, if you're the Jew that has the curly thingies
or whether you have the special hat, or both.
It becomes high stakes when nerds encounter each other in the over-cigarettes in the alley
about the fucking movie that came out.
It's important to know for us, is this a good thing or a bad thing?
I'm 42, it's a whole different topic for me.
It's just like these movies are just getting dumber and dumber.
I'm telling you, I'm sorry, I just didn't like Guardians of the Galaxy.
I'm so bored, I'm so tired.
I just play Minecraft and I just go to sleep.
I think that movies are for just people who, it's the third movie you've seen,
and if it's a third movie you've seen, then it's good, you know?
The third movie I saw was like Die Hard.
I think I think we should revisit Guardians of the Galaxy, because I think it is a great movie.
I did see it on like a hotel room TV.
Yeah, we'll watch it again, we'll give it a...
Have you seen Boyhood?
No, I haven't seen it.
That's the thing about good movies, is you hear the good, the generally good movies are like,
I'm never in the mood to watch them.
Because I'm like, oh Boyhood, that sounds like it's going to break my fucking heart,
so maybe I want to kill myself.
Speaking of Boyhood, before we left, Patricia O'Kowt won the Oscar for Best Actress
or Best Supporting Actress.
On the red carpet, Dan and I were watching red carpet footage
and she was being interviewed and she said,
well, I mean, one of the things I really like about me is how much I care about other people.
She said what I like about me, really?
Yeah, that's literally what she said, almost verbatim.
And then they said like, well, let's hear from your daughter
and they're introducing a new archette to us.
And you can see it here in her daughter's eyes where she's like, oh, it's great.
Say what she wants me to say.
Yeah, I guess this is a great time, because my mom, it's just a great,
like she's come a long way because people are finally starting to recognize her.
I was like, oh, man, don't feed your daughter lines on the SUV on the way to the,
these are our cats.
I was reading tweets, but she's a real carnation.
I went in this, I went in the other room because it was playing loud
and Dan and I weren't in the same room and that happened.
And I said, ah, 45 seconds.
That's the amount of time it takes for me to go from loving Patricia O'Kowt to not.
What was this guy yelling about over here?
Someone was yelling, who's yelling?
Can we tell the,
what were you what what what what the what the fuck.
Oh,
we accidentally?
Okay.
Is that the code of fans?
Is there any way to tell the carnations story?
I think enough time has passed.
Right?
Okay.
So don't let us get out of the room.
Tell it again, you told it, it's a great story.
We did?
Yeah.
The Carnation story?
Okay, we told it.
Here?
On this show?
Yeah.
On this television show?
Okay.
All right.
What's the story?
The Carnation story.
All these in Kardashian's story.
I don't know any Kardashian's story.
We were writing a pilot for the, David Arquette was giving us notes and he...
And he kept using the word carnation for incarnation.
Right.
And I was like, this is a carnation of that and I wasn't listening to his words, I was
listening to his meaning more and I was like, fuck him, it's not a...
And I finally, I burst out and Dan and Jay Johnston were there and I was like, and I
finally burst out and I said, it's not a carnation of that, it's a carnation of this.
And I was like, Jesus Christ, don't fucking make fun of him on top of everything that we're
going through.
I could see them out of the corner of my eyes, kind of like, like, burying their heads.
And I'm like, what...
And I'm like...
And then I think they're making fun of me.
I'm like, carnate...
Oh, I'm saying carnation instead of incarnation.
And I've out loud, I said, carnation, what am I, a fucking retard?
Like, he didn't...
Yeah.
And I had no idea I was repeating David Arquette's word.
And they thought I was a hero, like, wow, this fucking guy.
I did not think you were a hero.
I mean, I didn't think you were a villain, but I was, I knew at that moment I was blessed
to have you in my life, but I didn't think you were a hero.
Like, I was just, I thought our life was a movie, I wasn't sure if there was a central
character or not.
Speaking of due, Johnson, are you allowed to say what you're the cool thing that you're
working on right now?
Well, it's a, a lot of the people from Mr. Show are working on something.
It's not, it's not going to be on HBO.
It is movie.
Yeah.
It's Bob, Bob and David are doing a sketch show and a lot of the original writers are,
are doing it.
And we're, I don't know where it's going to be yet.
They're not telling me, but, but it's going, it's going to air somewhere.
And yeah, we're doing a, a sketch show and, yeah.
Probably Netflix, probably Netflix.
He said probably, he said probably everyone.
All right.
Well, we should bring a, let's bring Spencer out.
Spencer.
From the moment that I saw you roll, those guys speak, speak, family, I have a bad one
family.
Hey guys.
What's up?
Spencer.
Hi.
Hey Dino.
I like your haircut, Dino.
Thanks.
You know, I, I woke up one morning in New York and drank a half a bottle of vodka and
chopped it all off.
Yourself?
Yeah.
That's impressive.
It was a work in progress for a while.
Yeah.
You cut your own hair.
How?
I don't know.
I was, I was fucking drunk.
With scissors?
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Probably.
It was an obsidian knife.
Nice.
Yeah.
I, I, I always.
I cut them with lesbian legs.
I don't know.
They, they say that that's the myth, that those don't work for aircuts.
The, the, I always, I always, I always fantasize about that.
You look in the mirror and you go, why not?
I mean, come on.
What, what was this?
You could do it.
You don't care how you look.
Yeah.
Yeah, now I guess I do, but, but, when I was a kid, I did it once and then I got shamed
for it.
You're married now.
Why would you care how you look?
I'm a spokesman for a major, uh, gotta go to South by Southwest.
Are you a spokesman now?
Of, for Yahoo.
I've been following you.
For the show, the show's rolling out, so there's gonna be pictures of me and I'm gonna
be like, I'm sad.
They're making him wear a, a text that looks like an exclamation point.
Okay.
Sorry about that.
And we're doing a Harmontown from South by Southwest, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, we'll be there.
Uh, that's good news for you guys.
We're flying you all out.
Spencer, I always like to hear about what's going on with you and the world of current
events.
Oh, oh boy.
So many things.
I'm, I'm really, I'm really just firing on all cylinders today.
What, what currently, what currently gets your goat?
Is there a thing going on geopolitically or scientifically?
What's your beef?
I just heard a, a radio commercial on the radio for Lyft, the car share service.
Nift?
For Lyft.
Lyft.
Oh.
And it was just, uh, it really got my goat.
Okay.
Let me try something else.
Um, I listened to K, K, I listened to the KKK, they, I disagree with most of their views.
They're losing focus.
Their headlines like kind of close the conversation off, but the truth is they're flat taxers.
They're really, they really have some very interesting economic, uh, it makes a lot of
sense.
No.
Okay.
I listened to this commercial.
They really, they really niggered their economy.
God stop it.
You guys.
I can't, I can't.
I mean, it'd be shocking if you didn't say it.
I know that's what I was thinking.
Right up from the peanut gallery, the black guy over in the back, the black guys are like
looking at the floor and going like, uh, tell me what it's over.
I mean, Spencer backstage when they were, uh, when they were joking about your dick
being a 20 sided dick, it, he, I couldn't, I couldn't tell cause I, but you, but you
were like, were you secretly grinning?
I was, uh, I had to say I was openly grinning.
I don't know.
Okay.
It wasn't like, there's any, yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, Spencer, if you could
describe your penis as, uh, as a, as a mythical creature from the DND universe, uh, what would
it most resemble?
Um, what do you call it, uh, a Thakwa?
That's like, uh, oh, sorry, hold on, hold on, start back up.
What?
I thought, I thought you just meant to, to pick a monster that it was the most light.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, sure.
Looming in the distance, heavy with the musk of 14 woodland creatures floating imperiously
through the forest path.
It's, it, I don't know, it's just, I like how you, I like that.
I'm going to use that covering technique from a distance.
That's a good, that's a good cover.
Yeah.
You can't tell.
I really liked the dramatic music and then him saying, I, I, I don't know.
I, I was sure you, the first word you were going to say was rising.
Dan, you, you want to give a try for your dick, Dan?
Yeah.
Okay.
Ready?
From a really far, far place away, so far that you can't tell its dimensions, unimpressively
simplistic pink monolith, switches from its pivot point on the lower abdomen of the voice
of a new generation, dribbling with, with viscous pre-com, shit.
Do my dick, do my dick.
Same, same music?
Yeah.
There's nothing mysterious about it.
You all have pictures.
Look at your phone right now.
I've texted all of you.
That's it.
All right, Erin, you're pussy.
Unseen by the naked eye, needing a magnifying glass and shots of light to fry it open,
tighter than any, tight and deep, but not too deep, containing the secrets of 14 creatures.
15, 15 here.
Another guy showed up.
I wonder if the kid who tweeted me that he was 17 years old and he was coming to the
show, if he was wondering if he could come to the show at 17 if he, if he came tonight.
Are you here?
17?
You here?
All right.
See, that's good.
I heard something.
But that's fine, right?
Like a Seth Rogen movie talks about dicks and cum and stuff.
Who cares?
I learned the truth at 17.
Now you wouldn't lose your virginity for another seven years.
It's true.
Right?
24 years old.
24.
I lost my virginity at 24.
And Gina was mad because I beat you.
Yeah.
He beats me at everything.
24.
Even losing my virginity.
I was a very late bloomer.
I was a...
Jesus.
There's some, there's some rooties in the audience.
I was 23 when I lost my virginity, but I suck cock at 12.
Seriously.
Really?
Yeah.
You sucked your first dick at 12?
No, you didn't.
No, I swear to God.
What?
Well, he was 12, too.
So it was cool.
Were you pals?
Were you like playground buddies?
Yeah, we...
They were frenemies.
You met him.
You said you met him.
We tried to have a threesome with you.
No, we didn't do it.
I like how you rush to reach it.
No, no, whatever.
Yeah, well, I saw your eyes.
Don't stop coming around.
He's like, is that what you're doing?
Yeah, well, I saw your eyes.
Don't stop coming around.
He's like, is that what you're doing?
Yeah, well, I saw your eyes.
Don't stop coming around.
He's like, is that what that pitch for an adult swim show was?
Did you and Andy ever have any mess around?
No, he never hit on me.
I'm so upset.
You're the only one.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm not attracted to him.
Fuck him.
I was in a hotel room at Disneyland.
Of course, he wants you.
Really badly.
And there was a girl there.
We're like, we're getting better.
And he was trying to fuck everybody in the building.
And he's just the most rampant.
Yeah, except me.
Except you.
Yeah, nothing.
What's that about?
I don't know.
I'm ugly.
Yeah, poor me.
Not in New York, you're not.
No, no.
Get over here.
All right.
Well, so we're going to play Shadow Run now.
Dino, you were very, you were not a team player.
With Dungeons and Dragons.
Right.
But Shadow Run sounds fun.
Fuck, Ollie.
I don't have to like anything you like.
Spencer is in charge of the role-playing section.
Do you think that, not to put you on the spot,
but should Dino leave or should he leave?
Yeah, I should leave.
Please, let me leave.
Well, whatever Dino wants.
What if Dino can watch it and we can hear what he thinks of it after?
He could do a little rap.
Maybe I'll come back and talk about it and make fun of you.
How about he stays up here but doesn't play.
No, I want to go.
You want to go?
Yeah, there's a bar around the corner.
Well, let's all thank Dino.
Stay up on top of the stage.
Yay!
There, I did it.
Thank you, Dino.
And the moment you learn to take charge of your show,
I can see your abilities as a host to grow.
All right, Spencer.
Family.
Dan, would you pass out the character sheets for us since you're up?
Character sheets.
All right, Spencer, do you want to do like an intro from last time?
Well, I mean, I can do one.
I was just, last time we had Dan do a recap and I really liked that.
I don't know if Dan remembers.
Well, I don't remember this time as much.
Does Jeff remember anything or any of you?
I remember that we didn't do it.
I mean, we killed those guards up front and we went back into the warehouse.
I cast a fart spirit that went into the door and knocked out three drug addicts,
like kind of like workers, and then two guys escaped and there was a seam in a wall
that was clearly a door that they had used to escape from.
So we are either in pursuit of them, which I imagine we are.
If you just play like synth music while you do this.
Is Dimarch here?
Oh, is Dimarch here? Jesus.
Is Dimarch?
No, Dimarch? Going once?
No, Dimarch.
What are we going to do?
We need our eye in the sky.
We need that.
Can somebody play Dimarch?
What's your call?
Hey, I don't care.
Who knows Dimarch?
Wait, is it a gal?
Oh, yeah, you are there.
Let's get a woman up here to play.
Yeah, you can come on up.
Well, her actual name is Meg Ryan on Oscar night.
Who is this guy over there?
What's going on over there?
He's having a tough time over there.
My heart kind of goes out to him because at one point we were like,
Hey, what's going on?
And then everyone looked at me and went,
What? What?
Nothing's going on.
It's not important.
What?
It's important.
No, he's okay.
I mean, people come here to work stuff out, I guess.
The nine people sitting around you didn't come here to work anything out,
but I'll give them five bucks after the show.
I feel like we have the more kind of baritone,
activated Adam Goldberg over there.
You did it to yourself.
Spoken like an Adam Goldberg.
Do you know him?
You're kind of talking to him like you know him.
No, I don't know him at all,
but I know who Adam Goldberg is.
Here we are.
Are you on methadone?
What's going on over there?
It's like the Adam Goldberg 45 played at 78.
Aren't you going to pay attention to me?
Meg, is there a reason why you go by Megan at Megan?
I was a very young child when a small elementary school teacher said,
Oh, Meg Ryan, like the actress.
And then they never let you-
And then they got my BFA in acting and so it's funny.
I'm mad at me for asking.
I feel like you're going to hit me.
No.
If you were the first, it would be cute.
If you were the 50th, it's still cute.
And so you're 50th, so it's fine.
I mean, you brought it up.
You walked up.
I did.
You said, yes, really?
Okay.
Well, this is going to be great.
Cool energy.
Me to the yow.
I misinterpreted her energy too.
I thought she knew that guy.
I think she's just an assertive person.
She knows your station in life.
Do you- I hope that you are a forensics detective?
Or a DMV supervisor?
I just play them on TV.
It's fine.
Oh, you're an actor?
Yes.
Oh, okay.
Oh boy.
Your name's Meg Ryan?
Yes.
Good luck.
Not the first time I've heard it.
There's a weird energy overall.
I wonder if it's a- it was not a joke.
I wonder if it's because everyone's kind of- everyone's grieving.
There's like a sadness in the air.
Even if you didn't-
Sure.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Can we go back?
Not to make this about me, but-
That was a pretty good- oh, like Baldwin I was doing there.
I have to say that was-
That was a good-
It was.
That was great.
I've never-
Great.
I've never really tried to do an Alec Baldwin in front of people.
I think I might-
I thought you should have done Oprah.
It was really good.
Pardon?
I thought you should have done Oprah.
Oprah, so there's that.
Now you're on my dick.
No, I'm kidding.
Harry.
Ah, yeah.
Do you remember when we found out I do a pretty good Terrence Howard?
Yes, yeah, yeah.
Which is the same- it's the same- sounds the same as-
One of you three Negroes is going to step up.
It's a quote from Empire.
And take over my record label.
Wait, is he Irish?
Ah, he's Terrence Howard, he's-
Take over my record label.
I want you to do that song again.
Only do it like your mother was being shot.
Did you- was it- am I mistaken, Dana?
Did you do a John Malkovich for a while?
Could you do a John Malkovich?
No, I don't-
Was that a Schrab?
That's a tough one, yeah.
Try a John Malkovich.
Cold.
Pain.
I don't understand.
Why are you asking me to do John Malkovich?
That's not bad.
You were there- you were halfway there.
Yeah, it's not- you know.
Alright, so are we recaptured?
Should we try this again?
Or should we just dive right into this, motherfucker?
You should, uh, well, deal with music.
Alright.
Who's meter or you do it?
I think you should-
You- no, no, you do it.
You did a great job.
Spencer?
It just needed music.
And who's Meg Ryan playing?
Uh, she'll be playing-
Oh, God, uh, and when Harry met Sally,
she plays just every woman.
Everyone will have what I'm having.
Spencer is not-
I get to the deli.
As comptroller, I'm going to outrank you, Spencer,
because I love when you do it,
and I want to hear you do it for us,
if you don't mind.
Alright.
What's happening?
Wrong song?
Uh, here we go.
Shadow Run.
I'm going to recap.
Starting in the warehouse district,
our heroes infiltrated and stuff.
They stunned two guards indoors,
and then conspired to take out the three guards.
But then a tear gas grenade went in the window,
and through their plans, a riot.
After killing the guards and setting off an alarm,
they charged indoors, where their target,
Baldwin Brown, was no longer able to be found.
But the rest of the enemies were knocked out
by a spirit that had a wife who made soup.
After stunning the guards,
our heroes were left with a conundrum.
Where was Baldwin Brown?
What would they do?
There they are.
Alright, thank you, Spencer.
Alright.
Are we all in that room with those machines?
Yeah, you're all in this machine room.
Yeah, you're in the warehouse.
There's a bunch of junkies.
They're starting to get up.
I mean, there's not a bunch.
There's three junkies.
They're shambling around.
They're looking around the open crates in the warehouse.
Was I able to successfully convince them
that everything was fine?
Are they trusting us?
They're not really paying too much attention.
They're probably going to go right into those crates
and get better than life chips.
Yeah, because they're all drugied.
But they don't seem to pose much threat to us right now.
I don't know how much is in my head when I'm that drunk,
but I wanted to stun Baton them
and just keep the scene here.
Like these guys who are wandering.
I just want to stun each of them.
What's your clubs plus agility?
Bluff called?
Clubs plus agility.
I mean, mostly I like dubstep.
Wow.
I don't know what that phrase means.
Clubs agility says three for rating.
So what's agility then?
My agility is five.
Awesome.
You...
You stun one of the guys
and then the others they kind of freak out
and start running around in circles.
Sit down or it's going to get worse than life.
I go up to them.
Hey, night play. Take it easy.
I got this.
I go up to them with my shot gloves
because my little fingerless punk rock gloves
are actually electrified shot gloves
and I go,
Oh my God.
Are they close enough together to do both?
No.
Okay, then I go up and I give it to one of them.
Right in the ass.
All right.
What's your...
What's your clubs plus agility?
I have four...
Oh, it's eight plus four.
All right.
That's a lot.
I know.
All right.
You also stun the person.
He goes down.
Twelve.
I'm just kidding.
No, it is 12.
I know, I know.
That delay was a joke.
Is this other guy like chasing by this?
Is he wanting to play ball?
Is he still running around?
Oh, he's freaking out even more.
He's at the door now.
Night play.
Take this guy down.
All right.
I take him down.
What does that mean?
What do you do?
Do you handle him a horde of guard?
Who am I?
Are you sure?
Yeah.
I figured it'll go faster since...
Because I don't have a problem with killing people.
Is that what it's about?
No, because it's your turn.
I assume it was sort of that way.
Under your special skills on your resume,
do you have Norwegian accent?
I'm worried about Baldwin.
Oh, go ahead.
Yeah, we're wasting time at Baldwin's escaping right now.
Do not have the Norwegian, but I have the German.
If you'd like the German.
Close enough.
I have the German, yeah.
I have nothing interesting of any kind.
You don't have to do that.
It sounds great.
Now I feel bad about pimping you out.
Now you've put me on the spot.
Now I have to do it.
Oh, okay.
You did this to yourself.
It's your fault.
Yes.
There actually is going to be a fight.
I love it.
I've never been in a fight.
We're not in combat right now.
Anybody can go, right?
Yeah, no.
It's just all whatever.
Do you know that Michael Keaton's original real name is Michael Douglas,
and he had to change it?
Meg Ryan's real name is Margaret Hyra.
Oh.
You're welcome.
I talked about it for a stage name once.
You love Meg Ryan.
You love her.
Of course, she's America's sweetheart.
No, a professor told me once.
She told me I needed to remember that
because it would be funny once.
While this is happening,
I walk up in shock,
love the other guy that's running around.
Thank you.
All right.
He dodges out of the way
and runs out the door.
He's gone.
You got a junkie on the loose.
Don't you have mental powers?
We're looking for this Baldwin, Billy Jack guy.
This mission's a wash.
If we don't find this guy,
we haven't seen him yet.
I don't know his name,
but, however, can I sense the room
to see if he's in the area?
You sense a living person in the room,
but you don't know where.
Just in the general vicinity.
Oh, he's hiding in that wall seam thingy right there.
He's in the wall seam.
We think it's a door, yes?
Yes.
All right.
I think we go to the door to open it.
Does anyone want you to have a gun on this person?
I think we should all have a gun.
Be ready for anything.
We all should.
Spencer, can I sense who's on the other side of the door?
You can't sense who it is.
All right.
Let me go grab the junkie just in case.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, I was going to go.
Do you want to see?
My OCD is like this junkie just running.
Like I'm going nuts now.
It's a bad dream.
So just stay by the seam and do what you will.
I'm going to grab the junkie.
Keep on doing what you're doing.
It's working.
I'm going to thank you.
I don't know if that was sarcasm,
but I'm going to run after Pursue the Junkie.
All right.
You run out the door.
Is anyone doing anything simultaneously
or are you just going to wait for that to finish?
I think we should all be ready to open that door
and be ready for Baldwin in case he's got surprises for us.
Yes.
And I'm currently wearing security guard clothes.
And I am very charming.
And you guys have my permission while I'm running.
I'm sim-linking to say you guys can go on with the Shadow Run
without me.
I just, this is my own thing with the junkie.
It's just like, I feel, I'm the guy that had to collect
all of the secret packages in GTA before I finished the A story,
you know.
I'm going to unlock everything.
I said the quicker you get that junkie
and get back here, the better Nightblade.
I agree, but just don't, I don't want to,
one of my biggest nightmares is you'll get to know me better,
but like feeling like I'm the reason why.
All right.
We don't have time to pacify you Nightblade.
We get it, but tick tock.
I'm still, I'm multitasking.
I'm saying this while I'm chasing the junkie.
Okay.
Thank you.
My ghost and my dad is in a Tom Cruise,
like hologram chip in my brain.
So the rest of you guys are opening this door,
swinging open the secret door.
You were faced with two silver looking barrels
and nothing else.
It looks almost the size of a closet.
You hear a metallic whir as the barrels rise up into the air
and underneath them a hostile looking gun slash camera armature.
Some sort of century gun device.
It starts worrying as if it's about to shoot some fires.
I dive out of the way.
What's your reaction plus, what do you call it, intuition?
Three plus seven total.
Seven total.
But also I have like cat like and all that shit too.
Is that sneaking right now?
No, it's not.
What do you, what's your armor?
Armor is 12.
All right.
Sorry everybody.
You get hit in the armor, but it bounces off because it's armor.
Yeah.
The rest of you guys.
No, you're right to applaud that.
The rest of you guys are just facing the century gun that's firing at Eve.
Okay.
I, all right, I know, I know that, well, so it's a cat.
There's, there's a camera.
Yeah.
Let's stroke.
Okay.
I'm going to use my charisma.
And I'm going to look into the camera because I can't move very fast anyway.
All right.
I look into the camera.
Hi.
There's a deal we can make here.
We are, we're not lame.
You're saying this while there's bullets flying around in the room?
Yeah.
I do have, I'm still wearing, I still have that thing on right underneath my clothes.
I have like armor on.
I have like a bulletproof vest kind of.
Okay.
It's true.
Wait, are you, you're not standing in front of the bullets though.
No.
Okay.
Yeah.
If there's any response, you're not paying attention to one.
You think it might just be one of those like drone mounted guns, like not like controlled by anyone.
Cool.
Yeah.
I mean, it's only kind of firing in one direction.
So you aren't really in any real danger anymore.
Okay.
All right.
Well, I'm just going to, just going to stand there and think about groceries I have to buy later, I guess.
The bullets run out of the machine.
So it's done firing now.
Phew.
Hello.
We're here to talk if you're done showing off your trophy dick.
It's just a small empty closet sized room.
And those two cylinders took off and left the room.
They kind of, it rose up and they were like hiding them, if that makes sense.
You know, it was on top of the guns as they rose out of the ground.
Oh, I got you.
Okay.
Yeah.
The old gun turrets disguised as, we'll be right with you.
Back in the junkies, the junkie is, he's running through the, he's running to the door that you cut open with your, your mono whip.
What's your running plus agility?
Probably like a million.
Yeah.
Running is, running is.
Or athletics.
Running, running.
Athletics are.
I think it's running though.
I mean, what do you even look at?
You might not have running.
Oh, it's, so it's a skill, it would be a skill.
Okay, I have running.
It's three plus two.
Awesome.
I'll tell you what that is later.
You quickly chase him down and you grab him by whatever you want to grab him by.
Where do you want to grab him?
His junkie scruff.
You grab him there.
He's grabbed.
He's not very strong.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, where's the fire?
Oh, everywhere.
I got to get out of here.
Hey, listen, just let me, let me have a conversation with you.
He's struggling.
He's treading water.
How'd you, how'd you find out this was the place to get your, your chips on?
My man, Brown man, he hooks it up for all the junkies.
He really cares.
Yeah.
Is he still, is he still hanging out with Stacy?
What?
There is no Stacy.
Oh, I don't think you even know Baldwin.
What's, what do you, don't kill me.
Why are you acting like you know Baldwin?
You don't know him?
I didn't act like that.
Also, I do know him.
No, you don't.
I'm going to kill you for not knowing him.
You can't prove you know him.
You're not proving you know him enough for me to not kill you.
You got to prove you know him.
Baldwin, I'm on the, on the, on the com link.
What's going on out there?
It sounds like things are going bad.
Hey, just get some information.
We have a cyber Goldberg out here.
I love that your Jim Nightblade sounds like Bruce Willis as portrayed by Justin
Royland.
If you know him so good, where is he?
He must have took off when that siren happened.
The alarm, I mean, the security one.
Where does he go?
Nib chips.
I don't know.
That's like the worst thing you could call somebody.
I don't know, man.
I don't know.
Honestly.
Well, why don't you say it again into the microphone and then I punch him in the face.
Knock him out.
Well, what's your unarmed plus?
Oh, come on.
He's a junkie.
It's a.
Well, you're, you know, you might not be a brawler by trade.
Well, I stun baton.
Okay.
Well, let's just say that one works.
Because you're touching him and it's a taser.
It works.
Yeah.
He goes down to the floor.
Okay.
I run back to my comrades to the sound of bullets.
What the hell?
Is this a private party or am I invited?
I just dashed a close one here night blade, but it looks like the bullets have run out.
I leave you guys alone for five minutes.
Yeah, we didn't ask you to.
We were pretty happy with that guy leaving.
We heard what you did over there.
I'm a completist.
I examine the room for other like ways to get out other doors behind behind the barrels.
You see another secret door.
God damn it.
I examine the barrels.
They look to be far too clean to actually store anything.
And there's no labels.
They look like decoy barrels.
I'd like to sense to see if there's something beyond the barrels that we are not missing.
You just sense that door other than that.
You're not sense and nothing.
Dammit.
Well, it looks like he's not here.
I guess we should just go home and call it a day.
I guess some shadow runs don't go the way you want them.
Clomp, clomp, clomp.
We all...
Can I examine the barrels to see if I can open them or see what's beneath them?
The barrels were just hiding the gun, I think.
I think those were just like decoy barrels to hide the weapon that almost killed me.
Yeah, that's what's under them.
There's nothing in them.
Actually, you can feel and by touching them, they're actually completely hollow and they're probably not holding anything.
I listen at the door and see if I can hear anything on the other side.
You hear nothing.
Is there a handle, a doorknob?
Nope, neither.
Nightblade.
Use your strength and knock this fucker down.
All right.
Chim Chiminy.
I used my... I kicked the secret door.
That's the door, right?
Yeah.
That's like a seam.
I'm not going to kick it.
It's the future.
It's not made of wood.
I hurt my foot, which is probably also metal.
What would a nano whip do in a situation like this?
What if I were to open a can of nano whip?
Nice, delicious nano whip topping.
I stand back in case things go wrong.
All right.
They do not.
You slice open the door, revealing daylight outside.
Well, evening light outside.
It's just the compound that leads to the out of doors.
There's a fence with all sorts of holes and stuff.
It looks like he must have booked it out of there.
No, you're not.
Big bulb and brown fence.
He's rooting for the bad guy.
I look outside of the hole onto the street to see if there's any sign, crumbs, footprints.
There are footprints leading to a specific hole in the fence,
but they go right to a sidewalk street outside the fence.
So it's like he's going to a sidewalk and then all traces vanish.
Can you look around and see if he's sensed anywhere?
You're reading my mind.
I thought it was my gig.
Nice.
Yes, I was going to ask if I could sense where he went from this hole in the cell fence.
I don't think so.
I don't think you have any senses like that.
I'm going to go to the man that was knocked out by Nightblade.
Which one, I guess, right?
The one that was out in the end.
The one that looks the least unconscious.
Okay.
You find one that's semi-conscious.
Using my charisma and persuasion, I lift up his face.
Hey honey, hey, hey.
Hey.
Hey, are you okay?
I got shocked.
I know that's hard.
That's hard when that happens.
I'm here to help you.
I'm an angel.
Oh good.
Yeah.
Hey, we're trying to find your friend Baldwin.
It's really important that you tell us where he is.
Can you tell me anything about where he stays or any hideouts, sweetie?
Just here.
He was just here.
Yeah.
Does he have any restaurants he likes?
Do you know where he lives?
No, I barely know him.
I just buy drugs off the guy.
Oh honey.
I smack him in the face and move to the next one.
I summon an eagle to fly through the sky to see if we can see any sign of Baldwin on escape.
All right.
What's your conjuring plus magic there?
First, I activate my spirit focus for spirits of air, which gives me an extra thing.
And then my conjuring is...
It's summoning.
It's five plus what?
Magic.
So 11 plus two.
That's 13.
Yep.
You summon...
Wait, what force spirit do you want to summon?
An eagle.
No, what force?
Pick a number.
Force four.
All right.
You take four drain damage as it comes into the ether.
It's an exerting work pulling multiple spirits to the metaphysical, the regular physical.
I thought my other spirit went away.
It sure did, Dan.
Not Dan.
Jeff.
It sure did, Jeff.
You don't even know the difference between us.
I don't know.
Why is that possible spirits?
I just took a lot of drain on that eagle.
Yep.
All right.
I look at the eagle and I'm a little woozy and I say eagle, fly.
Look for Baldwin Brown.
He's a balding guy who looks like this and that and whatever.
Take it to the sky and see if you can find an eagle.
I will, leave.
Can we have the voice of the eagle be the drunk guy over there?
It's just like, could he just be...
You didn't like my voice, but I did.
What is that we did?
I want to do my voice.
Oh, sorry.
Sorry.
Yeah, do your voice.
You served my eagle voices?
Oh, I'm sorry, Jeff.
I don't want to.
You already made my other spirit a fart the other day.
You made it a fart?
No, I didn't make it a fart.
It was a spirit of wind.
Sorry.
While this stuff is happening also, I'm going to...
For my part, I'm going to go see if I can gather from the crates
where those junkies were headed.
I'm going to try to pick up the secondary goal,
which is gather as many of these BTL chips.
All right.
There's way too many chips.
Also, the spirit takes off quickly to follow your instructions.
Nightplay, I think there's a...
Isn't there a truck in there?
There's two semi-trucks and there's just multiple dozens of crates.
We might be able to load up these trucks and take them out that way.
Yeah.
That's what I was thinking.
Okay, so while the spirit is out scouting around,
let's find as many crates as the BTLs and load these trucks up.
I'll do it.
You do that.
You load up 12...
No, 25 BTL boxes onto the semi-truck.
All right.
Okay, I'm at the next guy.
And I'm going to use con.
All right.
I rouse him.
I'm going to try something different.
All right.
What's your con plus charisma?
My con is nine.
Well, it says six and then in parentheses, nine.
And my charisma is seven.
All right.
Okay.
What are you saying?
Hey.
Hey, you dumb piece of shit.
Hey, wake up.
Fuck up.
Wake up.
Wake the fuck up.
Well, that's intimidation, though.
Oh, sorry.
Well, okay.
Sorry, sorry.
Hey.
Hey, do you know, do you know where your mom is?
What?
No, what?
I said, do you know where your mom is?
She's dead.
Yeah.
Do you know where your dad is?
The bar?
No.
No, he's not at the bar.
Oh, fuck.
Your, your dad is on the other side of town facing a rat king.
Tails are a metal.
We've tied him up and he's almost dead motherfucker.
Just like you get your fucking life together.
Now where's Baldwin and I'll save your dad.
I don't know.
I got knocked out early.
I slap him.
Tell me anything.
I, I, I wet my bed.
Fucking dumb piece of shit.
Tell me something about Baldwin.
Give me a picture.
Yeah, I got a, here, here.
I, I don't, why is this in my pocket?
I have a picture of him right here.
Uh.
He hands you a picture.
Thanks.
I, I take the picture and I, and I put it, put it in my pocket.
I, uh.
Just don't kill my dad.
All right.
Maybe I won't kill your dad.
Thank you.
But I'm going to watch you and I take out one of my tracking tags.
And I, and I open his jaw and I stuff it in his mouth and I close his mouth and I say,
my name is Mercy O'Donnell motherfucker.
I got eyes like diamonds, but they sharp.
Oh, okay.
Karen McAfee everybody.
All right.
I guess she.
I didn't know it was that easy.
I didn't know you could do that.
So the beauty of the imagination down.
No.
You, what?
Okay.
I mean, does she die when that happens?
Like, is it like, it's like a Bruce Willis surrogate.
It just goes.
Sorry.
All right.
We're all going through stuff.
We're all grieving.
We all grieve in different ways.
So all that work, you got, you got a picture of a guy that we already know what he looks
like.
Well, you didn't know exactly.
Didn't we see him on a screen?
We saw him on a screen.
I don't know.
Maybe.
Yeah.
While back, our contact, our Mr. Johnson showed him.
Well, so I look at the picture.
Is he doing anything in the picture?
Like standing in front of his mailbox or the mattress or anything?
You know, the pictures that we all carry with us and give to people.
No, he's just, it's like, it's, it's the interior of a bathroom.
Oh, okay.
Can I use perception to know where that bathroom is?
And what is he doing in the bathroom?
He's just taking a picture in the mirror, selfie stuff.
What, what's your perception plus intuition?
I'm so sorry.
I took my folder and I left it in the green room.
Well, you can't find out where his bathroom is located then.
Okay.
That's fair.
No, that's fair.
I don't think you could anyway to be fair.
Yeah.
I mean, even if you saw really well.
Okay.
It was worth how empowered I felt for the 30 seconds this, this embarrassment right now.
So the semi trucks all loaded up.
The spirit hasn't come back.
It's only been about five minutes.
Anybody got a class C license?
I never learned how to drive.
I live in the woods for so long.
It's class C trucks.
No, that's normal style.
That's normal, isn't it?
Yeah.
So class A is like, is that a snowmobile or is that a...
I think class B is small trucks and then class A is like all the cool trucks and the hover cars.
Does hardware help with that or software?
No, it would just be driving.
Yeah.
Oh.
I ain't got that.
I think horticard knows how to drive.
Horticard.
Driving?
No.
Hold on.
Hosh.
I don't know if I like this guy or if I don't like this guy.
I don't think I do.
I don't think I like him.
Nope.
The answer is no.
The island has voted you off, sir.
It's on this page.
Is it?
All right.
Let's just pretend you can.
Where are we going to drive to?
I volunteered to drive the truck.
Class C you said.
One of us can certainly drive a truck.
Yeah.
Horticard can.
Okay.
All right.
But before you can...
Yeah.
You have ground pilot.
Is that driving?
Yep.
Ground pilot.
That's the same?
Thank you.
Thank you, Mercy.
Oh, it's not a hover car.
No, I'm going to sit on my high floor.
I'm going to sit with Mercy.
That's nuts.
But that's a chatter.
Okay.
Are you guys actually doing space work with the...
Now you're in the truck?
Yeah.
I'm in the truck.
Okay.
I'm driving as a Class C truck.
That's what you wanted from me, isn't it?
I'm in the back.
So there's like a split screen.
I'm on the back too.
So her ground pilot is four.
Ground pilot is four and...
And the...
I'm sorry, what was the other thing?
Initiative?
Oh, no.
No.
Just reaction.
Reaction is seven.
Awesome.
Where are you going?
Where are you guys?
What are you doing?
And there's also only two people in the vehicle.
Are you guys going to get in or...
I'll get in.
We can get in the back of the truck.
I'm getting them back.
But where are we going?
I got a bird flying around out there.
Are we going to take it back to the rusty bucket?
You're supposed to take it to the neutral drop zone.
However, you don't know the location of the neutral drop zone at the moment.
Oh, shit.
We're going to check in with the Johnson.
Mercy, you're a contact.
Why don't you contact Mr. Johnson and say we got the BTLs.
What's the deal with your spirit?
What is it?
My eagle spirit is looking around for Baldwin and see if he can find them escaping on foot
or in car or something like that.
Is it a real eagle?
Okay.
It's a spirit eagle.
It's like...
It's a little bird's eagle.
Lord of the Rings.
Right.
I use my...
I'm so sorry.
I'm not doing it that...
My Selby...
What is the phone called?
Comlink.
Comlink?
No, link.
Comlink.
Like dot com is a web link.
Yup.
I'm so sorry.
I used that and I call the Johnson.
Oh, you don't have his number.
You have Teddy's number, though.
He's the guy who put you in touch with the guys.
Pardon.
I call Teddy.
He's like, hey guys, how's it going?
Okay.
Best wish mission that I can remember.
Also the worst.
Awesome.
You found the...
You found Baldwin there?
You ready to go to the neutral drop zone?
Funny about that.
We have not found Baldwin per se.
We have seen signs of Baldwin.
Do you know where we may find him?
That's our job.
I could ask, but...
I don't know.
And I'm joking.
Well, obviously we'll find him, but where's the...
Where's the NDZ?
I'm sending you the location of the neutral drop zone.
You should be getting it on your comlinks.
Cool.
Did you finish hanging that shelf?
What?
All right.
See you.
Bye.
Okay.
So I got the link to the drop zone.
It arrives on your comlinks.
I show it to Hordegaard and we...
I show it to Hordegaard.
You do that.
And you guys want to drive?
Yes.
Okay.
We drive to the neutral drop zone.
You drive to the neutral drop zone.
But what will be there?
Out there?
Cliffhanger!
Oh!
Meg Ryan!
We get to Shadowrun and Harmontown.
Thank Meg Ryan for coming up here.
It's been a busy night for her.
Thank our other audience guest, Lana.
What did you say?
What?
We had Lana.
We had Dino Stamatopolous.
Of course we had Dino, yeah.
Spencer Crittenden, Erin McGathy.
I'm Jeff Davis.
Your mayor is Mr. Dan Hyland.
Our technical director back there is Chris Last Namerson.
And Justin Marshall is back there pulling the strings.
Best of the finger in the world.
We're all in the truck.
And we didn't accomplish our mission that well.
Got a bird flying in the sky.
But we're driving away from him.
So maybe I'll never see that bird again.
Family.
You got what I need.
It's up.
Give me the hub.
Chip chop to the black.
Good boy time locking druggies out.
Then accomplishing our task.
We didn't do what the people said.
We didn't do anything that they asked.
Family.
We got in a car.
We're driving until we don't know where.
Now she's got a picture of a guy in her underwear.
All right.
Break it down.
Hip hop, hip hop, hip hop till you stop.
Hip hoppin' then you stop.
Hip hop until you stop.
Oh, look who it is.
Hip hop, hip hop, hip hop till you stop.
It's MC John.
Everybody put your hands together for MC John.
My name is MC John.
At the Oscars on the lawn.
Trimmin' hedges looking on.
At all the stars before they're gone.
In the Mulrainee.
Robin Williams is gone.
We loved him.
It's sad.
I'm MC John.
I'm sad.
We've lost some friends this year.
I'm MC John.
A tears coming down my cheek.
I'm going to use it this week too.
Learn about all the things that real people know.
Good night everybody.
Thank you for coming.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.